# work has been done

Using MAD make comparision between VGG+Gram matrix developed by Gatys et al. and MSE. Code maily in Example.ipynb in which preprocessing, models and MAD are implemented. You need caffe and pytorch to run it.

### initial image gaussian noise polluted image

a1.jpg - Best image for Gatys network. Hold MSE

a2.jpg - Worst ...      Gatys ...

a3.jpg - initial image

a4/a5 Best MSE/Worst MSE.Hold Gatys network.

    initial: pebbles.jpg
          a1
           | 
    a4 -- a3 -- a5
           |
          a2

### initial image generate by sgan4 network.(paper: Texture Synthesis with Spatial Generative Adversarial Networks)

b1 - b5 similiar to a1 - a5 but using a different initial image which is b3.jpg.



# What's next
need more reference images (apart from pebbles) 

need more models(paper: WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO GENERATE NATURAL TEXTURES, SSIM, ...)

need more initial images(apart form gaussian noise and image generate by sgan4)


Maybe design a new quality metric.

Maybe utilize some interesting points get from MAD comparison.



### Different images:

* brick_wall.jpg
* lacelike.jpg
* pebbles.jpg
* radish.jpg
* red-peppers.jpg
* Five more ...



### Models going to compare:

* MSE

* SSIM

* WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO GENERATE NATURAL TEXTURES (gram-matrix + one-layer-net)

* gram-matrix + VGG (conv5)

* Different layers? (Maybe)

  

### Distortion Methods

* Gaussian
* Blur
* JPEG
* Gamma
* (Shahrukh's paper)

### Different levels

* High level

* Middle level

* Low level

  judged by human eyes obviously!

### Models comparison results:

##### 1. Gram-matrix + VGG VS MSE

### Next Milestone

##### Fine tune on VGG+Gram

By holding MSE and SSIM, we can find the examples that falsify the model of VGG+gram. So then we use those textures generated by MAD with labels created by human eyes to try to improve the model.

We need to generate a train set with:

* Different textures by holding the MSE or SSIM
* Different levels of noise (Using Gaussian, so just change the k)

##### Comparison

Falsify models:

* MSE
* SSIM
* VGG+Gram
* Maybe a new model

Use the comparison method from TID.

As many textures as possible. 4 x 3 initial points. Use the database to score those models.